

Capacity 	17 oz / 500 ml 
Lid Type 	Chug 
Rechargeable Battery 	✔ 
BPA Free 	✔ 
Customizable Reminders 	✔ 
Fitness Apps Integration 	✔ 
Find My Bottle 	✔ 
Compatibility 	iOS, most Android devices

Pro's

Bottle tracking - water intake?

  When you drink out of the bottle, the sensor puck in the base of the bottle measures how much you drank and transfers this data to the free HidrateSpark App, 
  so it can track your progress.

Care for bottle?

  Lids are top-rack dishwasher safe. Bottle bodies are hand-wash only. Sensor puck should not be submerged in water and should be removed before cleaning. 
  If you need to clean the sensor puck, wipe with a damp cloth only.

How often will I need to charge the bottle?

  The HidrateSpark STEEL holds a charge for 10-14 days with regular, every day use.

How long will it keep water cold?

  The HidrateSpark STEEL is vacumm insulated to keep water cold for 24 hours.

Can the app remind you to drink through your phone? In the event you are not near or paying attention attention your bottles light?

 Yes, the app can send clever reminders to help you stay hydrated, in the form of push notifications on your phone. 
 Go to Settings > Reminders > App Reminders to set these up in your app ;

Does this fit in a cup holder in the car?
 
 Yes

Is the inside surface that is in contact with the water also stainless steel, or is it plastic?
  
  Steel

Can we put ice in the bottle?

  Of course, you can add ice, it will not damage the sensor or affect the accuracy of the drink tracking. 
  Also, the stainless steel vacuum insulated body will keep the water cold for up to 24 hours and prevent sweating.
  
Cons

Charging puck falls out

  Adding ice throws everything off so if you don’t start with ice first thing

Can we use hot liquids in my bottle?

  No! The HidrateSpark STEEL is not for warm liquids. Hot contents can create internal pressure resulting in discharge of hot liquids that can cause injury.

Durability is a concern of mine with all the Spark bottles.
The Spark 3 had unexplainable leak issues with not only me, 
but other reviewers had similar issues. As far as the Steel goes, 
it does seem more durable but the shiny enclosure for the LED puck looks fragile and may easily crack. 
The remainder of the bottle looked like it could take a beating, 
but I would HIGHLY advise to keep the bottle out of rough conditions (outdoor sports, hiking, etc). Really I would say only use at home or in an office.
